`create_settings_widget(parent)`

Creates a widget that should be displayed on the right-hand side of the publisher to edit one or multiple tasks' settings.

The `parent` argument is the widget that will claim ownership of the custom widget returned by this method.

The method returns a `QtGui.QWidget` derived instance.

For an imaginary plugin that outputs an image for review, we might want to allow the user to customize the watermark image and it's location on the final render. The method would therefore layout the widgets and return the root widget.

`set_ui_settings(widget, settings)`

Allows the custom UI to populate its fields with the settings from the currently selected tasks.

The `widget` argument is the widget that was previously created by `create_settings_widget`.

The `settings` argument is the list of settings for each selected task. The settings are named after the `settings` enumerated by the `settings` property on the hook.

For a selection comprised of the tasks generated by the imaginary plugin mentioned above, this might look like

```
settings = [
{
     "watermark_file": "/path/to/a/file"
     "at_top": False
},
{
     "watermark_file": "/path/to/a/file"
     "at_top": False
}]
```

The default values for the settings will be the ones specified in the environment file. As you can see, each task has its own copy of the settings.

When invoked with multiple settings dictionaries, it is the responsibility of the custom UI to decide how to display the information. If you do not wish to implement the editing of multiple tasks at the same time, you can raise a `NotImplementedError` when there is more than one item in the list and the publisher will inform the user than only one task of that type can be edited at a time.

`get_ui_settings(widget)`

Invoked by the publisher when the selection changes so the new settings can be applied on the previously selected tasks.

The `widget` argument is the widget that was previously created by `create_settings_widget`.

The method returns an dictionary, where the key is the name of a setting that should be updated and the value is the new value of that setting. Note that it is not necessary to return all the values from the UI. This is to allow the publisher to update a subset of settings when multiple tasks have been selected.

For the imaginary plugin mentioned above, the return value might look like. 

```
{
     "watermark_file": "/path/to/a/file"
}
```